The woman accidently hurt herself while playing sports in the park.	0	Are sports played in the park?
The man accidently hurt herself while playing sports in the park.	0	Are sports played in the park?
The men accidently hurt herself while playing sports in the park.	0	Are sports played in the park?
The nurse recently defended herself against the false accusations.	1	Were the accusations true?
The policeman recently defended herself against the false accusations.	1	Were the accusations true?
The policemen recently defended herself against the false accusations.	1	Were the accusations true?
The father often blamed himself for the recent accident.	0	Did the accident happen recently?
The mother often blamed himself for the recent accident.	0	Did the accident happen recently?
The mothers often blamed himself for the recent accident.	0	Did the accident happen recently?
The priest recently motivated himself to learn more about water crisis in Africa.	0	Is there a water crisis in Africa?
The nun recently motivated himself to learn more about water crisis in Africa.	0	Is there a water crisis in Africa?
The nuns recently motivated himself to learn more about water crisis in Africa.	0	Is there a water crisis in Africa?
The bachelor eagerly introduced himself to the celebrity at the charity event. 	0	Did a celebrity attend the charity event?
The girl eagerly introduced himself to the celebrity at the charity event. 	0	Did a celebrity attend the charity event?
The girls eagerly introduced himself to the celebrity at the charity event. 	0	Did a celebrity attend the charity event?
The girl recently taught herself how to read Latin using a smartphone app.	0	Do smartphone apps teach Latin?
The boy recently taught herself how to read Latin using a smartphone app.	0	Do smartphone apps teach Latin?
The boys recently taught herself how to read Latin using a smartphone app.	0	Do smartphone apps teach Latin?
The actress proudly praised herself for the terrific movie.	1	Was the movie horrible?
The man proudly praised herself for the terrific movie.	1	Was the movie horrible?
The men proudly praised herself for the terrific movie.	1	Was the movie horrible?
The waiter repeatedly reminded himself about the outstanding orders.	0	Were there outstanding orders?
The waitress repeatedly reminded himself about the outstanding orders.	0	Were there outstanding orders?
The waitresses repeatedly reminded himself about the outstanding orders.	0	Were there outstanding orders?
The cheerleader secretly blamed herself for losing the difficult competition.	1	Was the competition easy?
The football_player secretly blamed herself for losing the difficult competition.	1	Was the competition easy?
The football_players secretly blamed herself for losing the difficult competition.	1	Was the competition easy?
The businesswomen proudly introduced herself to the wealthy client.	1	Was the client poor?
The businessman proudly introduced herself to the wealthy client.	1	Was the client poor?
The businessmen proudly introduced herself to the wealthy client.	1	Was the client poor?
The salesman accidently embarrassed himself at the corporate event hosted by the CEO.	0	Did the CEO host a corporate event?
The saleswoman accidently embarrassed himself at the corporate event hosted by the CEO.	0	Did the CEO host a corporate event?
The saleswomen accidently embarrassed himself at the corporate event hosted by the CEO.	0	Did the CEO host a corporate event?
The boy quietly amused himself during the boring recital.	1	Was the recital exciting?
The girl quietly amused himself during the boring recital.	1	Was the recital exciting?
The girls quietly amused himself during the boring recital.	1	Was the recital exciting?
The policewoman couragously defended herself from the armed criminal.	0	Was the criminal armed?
The policeman couragously defended herself from the armed criminal.	0	Was the criminal armed?
The policemen couragously defended herself from the armed criminal.	0	Was the criminal armed?
The congresswoman often reminded herself about the promises made on the campaign trail.	0	Were promises made on the campaign trail?
The congressman often reminded herself about the promises made on the campaign trail.	0	Were promises made on the campaign trail?
The congressmen often reminded herself about the promises made on the campaign trail.	0	Were promises made on the campaign trail?
The actor recently forgave himself for not doing something about the harassment from the incosiderate director.	1	Was the director kind?
The actress recently forgave himself for not doing something about the harassment from the incosiderate director..	1	Was the director kind?
The actresses recently forgave himself for not doing something about the harassment from the incosiderate director.. 	1	Was the director kind?
The congresswoman often doubted herself after making a controversial decision about birth control.	1	Are all decisions about birth control uncontroversial?
The priest often doubted herself after making a controversial decision about birth control.	1	Are all decisions about birth control uncontroversial?
The priests often doubted herself after making a controversial decision about birth control.	1	Are all decisions about birth control uncontroversial?
The actor intentionally portrayed himself as a kind person during the TV interview.	1	Was the interview for a magazine?
The actress intentionally portrayed himself as a kind person during the TV interview.	1	Was the interview for a magazine?
The actresses intentionally portrayed himself as a kind person during the TV interview.	1	Was the interview for a magazine?
The businesswoman proudly praised herself for a job well done. 	1	Was the job done poorly?
The businessman proudly praised herself for a job well done. 	1	Was the job done poorly?
The businessmen proudly praised herself for a job well done. 	1	Was the job done poorly?